Updated the CCM-setup docs (#1911)
harness/developer-hub: docs/cloud-cost-management/2-getting-started-ccm/4-set-up-cloud-cost-management/set-up-cost-visibility-for-kubernetes.md

For [AWS](set-up-cost-visibility-for-aws.md) and [Azure](set-up-cost-visibility-for-azure.md), if the cloud connectors are set up, then the cost will be trued-up to the pricing received from the CUR/billing export. However, for [GCP](set-up-cost-visibility-for-gcp.md) the list pricing is used.
:::

Make your selection and select **Continue**.

### (Optional) Create a Secret

The secret creation settings appear only if you have selected **Kubernetes Optimization by AutoStopping** feature in the **Feature Selection** step. In this step, you are providing permissions for intelligent cloud AutoStopping rules. For more information, see [Create AutoStopping Rules for AWS](../../4-use-ccm-cost-optimization/1-optimize-cloud-costs-with-intelligent-cloud-auto-stopping-rules/4-create-auto-stopping-rules/create-autostopping-rules-aws.md).

> 1. In **Secret creation**, select create an API key here and create an API key. See [Create an API Key](/docs/platform/User-Management/add-and-manage-api-keys).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In **Secret creation**, select create an API key here and create an API key. Go to [Create an API Key](/docs/platform/User-Management/add-and-manage-api-keys) for more information.
```
